	TexTor 1.0 - The awful text editor - By Konami Man, 5-2001
	----------------------------------------------------------

1. WHAT IS THIS?

TexTor is a line-oriented, multi-buffered text editor. It has not much 
features at all and is not very comfortable to use; surely you will not feel 
like using it except, maybe, for editing small .BAT files.

Then why it was developped? TexTor intends to be just a simple example of the 
use of NestorMan, the resident dynamic memory manager. The fully remarked 
source code of TexTor is available for study (you should have obtained it 
together with TexTor itself; if not, get it at http://msx.konamiman.com), and 
any questions, comments or suggestions about it (or about NestorMan) are 
welcome (konamiman@konamiman.com).


2. USING TexTor

Just make sure that NestorMan 1.11 or higher is installed and then execute 
TEXTOR.COM. You will see then the text area with a small arrow pointing to 
the current line, and a menu area on the bottom part of the screen. The 
following key actions are available:

Cursor up/down: Move one line up/down on the text.

Home: Go to the first line of the text.

Shift+Home: Go to the last line of the text (which will be displayed on the 
top of the screen; just scroll up to see the previous lines).

0-9: NestorMan allows the edition of up to 10 texts simultaneously. Select 
the text buffer you want to work on by pressing keys 0 to 9.

E: Edit the line currently pointed.

I: Insert a new line before the one currently pointed.

X: Cut the current line (copy it to the clipboard and remove it from the 
text).

C: Copy the current line to the clipboard.

V: Paste the line on the clipboard to the current buffer, before the 
currently pointed line. Does nothing if the clipboard is empty (no cut/copy 
operations have been performed yet).

L: Load a text file on current buffer. The file must have all the lines 
(including the last one) finished with a CR or CR+LF mark. The maximum line 
length is 159 characters; extra characters will be discarded (when loading 
the file, you will hear a beep for each character discarded).

S: Save the current buffer on a text file. Each line will be terminated with 
a CR+LF mark, and at the end of the file an EOF character will be placed.

A: Clean the current buffer (delete all lines). Confirmation is asked.

Q: Quit TexTor. Confirmation is asked.

R: Refresh text display (this option is not shown in the menu area but it 
exists indeed!)


3. TexTor LIMITATIONS

The maximum line length is 159 characters. However, if a line is longer than 
77 characters then only the first 76 ones will be displayed on the text area, 
and a small arrow (the same character as the line pointer) will be printed at 
the end of the line; to see the whole line you must edit it.

Disk errors cause always the whole disk operation to be aborted. It is never 
possible to "retry" or "ignore".

TexTor is not tabulator-friendly; editing texts which contains tabulation 
marks may generate some dust on the screen (although TexTor will continue 
perfectly stable). When displaying the whole screen (after a disk operation, 
a cut/copy/paste/insert/edit operation, or a home/shift+home/R pressing) the 
DOS screen functions are used, so the tabulation characters are expanded to 
the appropriate number of spaces; but when scrolling the screen one line, 
direct VRAM access is used to achieve a fast scroll, so tabulators will be 
shown as one character with the shape of a small arrow. If you don't like it, 
press R to redraw the screen with expanded tabulators.

If TexTor runs out of memory when trying to insert a new item on a list or to 
open a file, the whole program will terminate immediately showing an error 
message.

And finally: disk load is VERY slow, I know it. Sorry.
