
         AEKRUS by Lieves!Tuore
         ======================

What?
-----
Lieves!Tuore is more than proud to
present our first MSX production, an
intro called Aekrus. Coded in a great
hurry to get it ready to Tillburg'97.

Why doesn't it work?
--------------------
Because of the terrible hurry, we had
practically no time to betatest or
debug this. The timings are for MSX1,
so a turboR will screw everything up.
On an MSX2 it might be necessary to
set the screen to mode 32 or 40 before
running the intro.

What is this Lie... something?
------------------------------
The world famous L!T is a superb group
of extermely talented elite superhumans
interested in MSX ;v) You're bound to
see more productions from us sooner or
later.

Who did what?
-------------
code    Marq (balls, bump, city +misc.)
        Duke NEMO (city +misc.)
        Yzi (music system)

gfx     Man (rabbit)
        Marq (the rest)

music   Yzi (music)

Thanks to Plaque and Maarten ter Huurne
for their great help!

The tools we used
-----------------
fMSX emulator, Karhu III, SVI 728,
Karjala III, TASM, Light beer, DP2e,
Koff III, Qedit, Milky Way peanut
butter and PORTAR.DOC

Where can I get more info?
--------------------------
Check out our brand new homepage:
http://www.modeemi.cs.tut.fi/~marq

Or send e-mail:
(Marq) r154143@proffa.cc.tut.fi
(Man)  man@sci.fi

release date 12th April 1997
