  The following information is taken out of the MSX Games FAQ by Nick
Chudin (posted in Russian to fido7.ru.msx newsgroup) and Maarten ter
Huurne's WWW pages. Refer to these sources for more hints and passwords.

o Firebird Passwords
  Pause the game, then press [HOME] to get the current password. Press
  [HOME] again to enter the password. Special passwords:

  Password           Alt         Function
  superball        / tround   -- all round keys
  kinoooihitodane  / tsquare  -- all square keys
  haneyokagayake   / shoes    -- all stone heads give 10 feathers
  ultrabox         / boxes    -- 9 item storage boxes
  turbo                       -- 3 pairs of shoes for speed
  metalslave       / feathers -- 200 feathers
  hoihoihoinohoi   / bell     -- compass (invoked via [F5])
  fullitemdayoon   / items    -- 1 item of each kind
  gaooooooooooh    / tenlives -- 10 lives
  enddemogamitaina / demo     -- show final sequence
  kokowadoko       / rolls    -- 6 terrain maps (invoked via [F4])
  nandanandananda  / eternal  -- infinite lives
  autoshot                    -- autofire when [SPACE] pressed
  ilovehinotori    / immortal -- infinite invisibility
  dokodemomap      / map      -- 6 map scrolls (invoked via [F5])
  hayame                      -- 3 bugs for better shooting

o Zanac-Ex Hints:
  At the title screen, hold [CTRL]+[C]+[[]+[]] and select the level with
[LEFT] and [RIGHT] arrow keys.
  After the game starts, but before your plane appears on the screen,
press a digit key. This will give you a corresponding weapon.
  Some of the yellow Destroy-All bubbles falling out of the stone
structures become black if you wait with getting them. The black bubbles
will teleport you across several levels.

o Treasure Of Usas Passwords:
  Press [CTRL]+[SHIFT] at the start screen to enter a password.

  JUBA RUINS     -- Stage 2
  HARAPPA RUINS  -- Stage 3
  GANDHARA RUINS -- Stage 4
  MOHENJO DARO   -- Stage 5

o Metal Gear Hint:
  After destroying the Metal Gear you need to leave the building but your
time is running out. Use the cigarettes which you received in the
beginning of a game, and your time will be increased by 2000.

o Vampire Killer Hint:
  White Bibles will decrease merchant's prices. Black Bibles will increase
merchant's prices.

o King's Valley 2 Passwords:
  The password contains 8 latin letters from "A" to "P" which correspond
to hexadecimal numbers from 0h to Fh. The password has format aabbAAAA,
where "aa" is the number of a level (0-60), and "bb" is the number of
lives (non-linear, 0 corresponds to 0 lives, 255 corresponds to 96 lives).

  Example: 60level/98lives -> 3Ch/FFh -> "DM"+"PP"+"AAAA" -> "DMPPAAAA"

o Penguin Adventure Hints:
  In order to save the princess in time, you need to use the warp passages
between the levels. There is total of 7 such passages. Try jumping into
all shops and pressing [DOWN] button. If you have a bell, it will sound
in front of the passage entrances. Some levels are impossible to pass if
you don't buy a scroll in a shop.
  At the level select menu, type "NORIKO" and then select a level. You
will then be able to continue after game is over by pressing [F5].

o Nemesis I Passwords:
  Pause the game by pressing [F1], then type the password and press
[RETURN]. Most of the codes can only be used a limited number of times.

 * Once per game:
   HYPER          -- All weapons
 * On every stage:
   MISSILE        -- Missile
   DOUBLE         -- Double
   LASER          -- Laser
   OPTION         -- Options
   SHIELD         -- Shield
   DOWN           -- Lose all speed ups
 * To get all weapons on every stage:
   MOMOKO         -- Stage 1
   CHIE           -- Stage 2
   AKEMI          -- Stage 3
   SYUKO          -- Stage 4
   CHIAKI         -- Stage 5
   NORIKO         -- Stage 6
   SATOE          -- Stage 7
   YASUKO         -- Stage 8
   KINUYO         -- Bonus stage 1
   HISAE          -- Bonus stage 2
   MIYUKI         -- Bonus stage 3
   YOHKO          -- Bonus stage 4
 * Any number of times:
   BAKA           -- Game over
   AHO            -- Game over

o Nemesis II Double-Cart Features:
  Nemesis II shows up some hidden features when it is inserted into slot
#1, and there is another cartridge plugged into slot #2:

  * with Penguin Adventure (RC743)
    You get a penguin instead of a space ship and power-ups are fishes.
  * with Q-Bert (RC746)
    Press [F1] to pause the game, then type a password and press [RETURN].
    METALION -- Invulnerability
    LARS18TH -- All weapons
    NEMESIS  -- Next stage
  * with Maze of Galious (RC749)
    Every time you lose a life you can get back the weapons you had.

o Maze of Galious Hints:
  Pause the game, then type either "UMBRELLA" or "ZEUS", and continue the
game. "ZEUS" allows you to continue after the game is over. "UMBRELLA"
will destroy all bats on the screen if you have the Sabre.

o F1 Spirit Passwords and Features:
  These are the special passwords to be used in F1 Spirit:

  MAXPOINT       -- All races possible
  HYPEROFF       -- Faster pit stops
  ESCON          -- Press [F5] to quit race
  ESCOFF         -- Disable ESCON effect
  MITAIYOENDDEMO -- Show final sequence

  This cartridge will also behave differently when Game Master I (RC735),
King Kong II (RC745), or QBert (RC746) cartridges are plugged into slot
#2. In this case, you will be able to select any race without gathering
necessary points.

o Aleste Hints:
  When the intro story is shown, press the [S]+[T]+[SPACE]. The game will
go to the sound test mode. Press [SPACE] to select the music, and [SHIFT]
to exit this mode.

